docs(spec): add RFC for Message Example Object (#609)
asyncapi/spec: spec/asyncapi.md

contentType: application/json
```

#### <a name="messageExampleObject"></a> Message Example Object

> Message Example Object represent example of a [Message Object](#messageObject) and MUST contain either **headers** and/or **payload** fields. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Message Example Object represents an example of a [Message Object](#messageObject) and MUST contain either **headers** and/or **payload** fields. 
```

##### Fixed Fields

Field Name | Type | Description
---|:---:|---

> <a name="messageExampleObjectHeaders"></a>headers | `Map[string, any]` | The value of this field MUST validate against the [Message Object](#messageObject) [headers](#messageObjectHeaders) field. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="messageExampleObjectHeaders"></a>headers | `Map[string, any]` | The value of this field MUST validate against the [Message Object's headers](#messageObjectHeaders) field. 
```

Author: Sure, look better and `Message Object` string is still searchable by native browser capabilities (CTRL+F)

Reviewer: Actually, the link takes you to the Message Object. Ok, to the `headers` field but still the Message Object 😄 That's why I did it.

> <a name="messageExampleObjectPayload"></a>payload | `any` | The value of this field MUST validate against the [Message Object](#messageObject) [payload](#messageObjectPayload) field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="messageExampleObjectPayload"></a>payload | `any` | The value of this field MUST validate against the [Message Object's payload](#messageObjectPayload) field.
```
